Games


Positions

	Scratch off position to try

	Pull positions from website

	Actions

Scratch off action to do

Have separate ones for in private vs public

Randomly select partner

Duo version which selects one for each

Works be fun to do on a date night or have one for the week


Escalating game

List of actions randomly generated in a turn based scenario

Dare or dare

Like truth or dare but both options are actions

I think initially we could have a sensual vs erotic so the receiving partner selects which one and then the other hits random to get the action they will do


Underwear dice


Smart dice 


Actions

Make out with your partner for at least 5 minutes, you are allowed to touch then anywhere except on genitalia (get as close as you want)


Give your partner a massage for 5 minutes, you should spend at least a quarter of the time touching their legs and or boobs


Pick out sexy underwear for your partner to wear


Swap underwear with your partner


Give your partner oral for at least 5 minutes


Give your partner oral until they climax (need to decide on a  time limit)


Using your hand get your partner near climax but do not finish them (in “public” or before going out)


Using your hand climax your partner (in “public” or before going out)


Give your partner a hand job for at least 20 minutes without finishing them, the goal is to be creative and do different things not get them to come


Choose a place that isn’t the bedroom to have sex


Have your partner get on all fours and then give them a hand job


Your partner has to close their eyes or be blindfolded while you give foreplay for at least 15 minutes


Wife: put lube on your breasts and then run husband’s penis through them for at least 1 minute


Husband: pick a dress for wife to wear with no underwear and then go down on wife under the dress (could be under sheets if that is preferred by her)




Wife:



Husband: draw a bath and sit in the tub behind her and give her a massage, this can be sensual or just her shoulders, she gets to choose at the end of it if she wants sex, a hand job, or nothing



Week actions


While your partner is playing a game or watching tv without warning reach into your partners pants and give them a hand job (partner can choose whether they want to keep watching or not)


Pick out sexy underwear for your partner to wear


Pick a pair of your underwear for your partner to wear


Flash your partner everytime they or you leave the house this week


You must be naked for an entire night (decide on whether that includes sleeping)… if temperature is an issue we can allow robes but preference is not , maybe just use space heater or something?


Sext your partner this week


Give your partner a massage back  rub or head scratch for at least 5 minutes every day, partner gets to choose type


Make out for five minutes every night before bed, only two nights can lead to sex


Get a treat (Not a euphemism ) for your partner some day this week 


Pick out a different sex position to try this week, could be Friday or another day but if you choose Friday you must have sex one other night that week


Pick a night to play strip Mario cart, you are then responsible for picking the full outfit for your partner (yours is a surprise)






Found elsewhere, need work 


It's time to start your engines!

In the next 20 minutes, try at least five different sex positions (cowgirl, missionary, doggie style, 69, etc.). Your goal is to see if you can get through all the positions before climaxing, but try your best to commit to each one for at least four minutes. If either of you get too close to "finishing" before the time is up, take a pit stop for a few seconds. Once your 20 minutes are up, see if you can across the finish line together!


Get ready for some bangers! Find a playlist of short songs that are 2.5-3 minutes each (search any music platform for a "radio edits" playlist). Once your music is queued up, hit play! For the length of each song, one partner will pick a method to pleasure the other. When the song changes, switch roles. As the receiving partner, do your best not to finish. When it's your turn again, you have to choose a method that's different from whatever you used before. Whoever lasts the longest, wins (but let's be real, no one is really "losing" here).